Initial release of Illusion of Turtle (#7465)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/quests/quests_16_2_illusion.txt

		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "It's a sign of promise. I will try to remember two of you. So come... come and find me.";
		mes "Tomorrow, And the day after tomorrow... I'll be waiting...  Bro, And professor.";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "And other... you said you would help them. I'll show you how. How can you help...";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "^0000CDListen to what they want. Bro Even if you look very trivial, do something they'll be pleased.^000000";
		mes "Please... Maybe one day...";
		next;
		select("Don't worry. I will.");
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes ":)...";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "I, I was able to stand alone so far, because I could meet you two someday?";
		emotion ET_OK;
		mes "I will... remember... Please... come back.";
		next;
		mes "[Archeologist Leiphen]";
		mes "I will be here untill I found the secrets.";
		mes "Don't worry. Me, and " + .@player_name$ + " Do not forget Narin.";
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : We must remember.", bc_self;
		ill_turtle = 11;
		erasequest 16117;	// Continuous story 2
		setquest 16105;	// A short break, and a promise
		getitem 25271,5;	// IllusionStone

> 		getexp 3600000,2400000;	// todo unknown exp (irowiki values)

Reviewer: Remember iRO has increased values.
This is kRO experience using 100% exp manual, so, should be half of it
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40366993/204569056-ccbb98f4-78c0-4b26-b1e8-9586c2192dff.png)

	mes "Are you go there again?";
	next;
	if (select( "Yes. I go there.", "Not right now." ) == 2) {
		mes "[Knight Aylvar]";
		mes "When I heard his story, I want to go there too... but I can't do as his explain. I am so sad.";
		close;
	}
	mes "[Knight Aylvar]";
	mes "Please come back again, " + .@player_name$ + ".";
	mes "If you find Leiphen, please check he eat alright.";
	close2;
	emotion ET_KEK;
	warp "tur_d03_i",132,187;
	end;

OnInit:
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle == 0 && BaseLevel > 149" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle == 11" );
	end;
}

tur_d03_i,217,73,0	warp	illtur03_04	 2,2,tur_d04_i,99,186
tur_d04_i,99,191,0	warp	illtur04_03	 2,2,tur_d03_i,217,82

tur_d03_i,132,194,3	script	Portal#illtur02	4_ENERGY_RED,{
	if (ill_turtle < 11) {
		mes " - ^424242Beyond the door, it appears black, and nothing seems to exist. A reddish glow is floating in front of the black sky. Girl looked a little nervous at this.^000000 - ";
		next;
		npctalk "Girl : The piece will help you. Hold tight.", "Girl#illtur01", bc_self;
		mes "[Girl]";
		mes "...It is the place.";
		mes "Hopeless, desperate, and poisonous.";
		next;

> 		mes " - ^424242It's an ambiguous story, but it's about to help. As the girl told me, I held the back shell.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes " - ^424242It's a puzzling response, but it might help. As the girl told me, I held onto the turtle shell.^000000 - ";
```

		next;

> 		if (select( "I will back to Alberta.", "I will be left here." ) == 2) {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		if (select( "Back to Alberta.", "Stay here." ) == 2) {
```

			unittalk getcharid(3), "" + strcharinfo(0) + " : I have something to do here.", bc_self;
			mes "[Girl]";
			mes "......Not going to back?";
			close;
		}
		npctalk "Girl : Yes. Just... Go.", "Girl#illtur01", bc_self;

> 		mes " - ^424242The smell of salty wind lifted the hem. You can hear the waves of Alberta Harbor and the sound of seagulls....^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes " - ^424242The smell of salty wind lifted the hem of my clothing. You can hear the waves of Alberta Harbor and the sound of seagulls....^000000 - ";
```

		close2;
		warp "alberta",219,31;
		end;
	}
	if (isbegin_quest(16115) == 0) {
		mes " - ^424242This red light is invisible to Narin. It just seems to disappear.^000000 - ";
		next;

> 		mes " - ^424242If I don't come back, she will forget. Just right before I walk into the light, Narin's voice came from my back.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes " - ^424242If I don't come back, she will forget. Just right before I walk into the light, Narin's voice echoed from behind me.^000000 - ";
```

		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "I will remember... Come back. Please. Bro...!";
		next;

> 		if (select( "Nodded and go to Alberta.", "Nodded and turned." ) == 2) {
> 			mes " - ^424242Turning around with a small smile, Narin, who held her fists and looking at here, was surprised and turned to her eyes.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		if (select( "Nod and go to Alberta.", "Nod and turn." ) == 2) {
			mes " - ^424242Turning around with a small smile, Narin, holding her hands, was surprised and glanced over.^000000 - ";
```

			next;
			mes "[Narin]";
			mes "Ah? Not going back?";
			next;

> 			unittalk getcharid(3), "" + strcharinfo(0) + " : Seems like still need me. Did you call me? I didn't hear clearly, can you call me again?", bc_self;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			unittalk getcharid(3), "" + strcharinfo(0) + " : Seems like you still need me. Did you call me? I didn't hear clearly, can you tell me again?", bc_self;
```

			mes "[Narin]";

> 			mes "Hay!";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "Hey!";
```
?

			setquest 16115;	// Talk with girl
			completequest 16115;	// Talk with girl
			close;
		}

> 		mes " - ^424242He nodded and recalled the clumsy piece he had now kept in his heart. The sea breeze from the harbor blows by his ears...^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes " - ^424242I nodded and recalled the bulky piece I had now kept by my heart. The sea breeze from the harbor blows by my ears...^000000 - ";
```

		setquest 16115;	// Talk with girl
		completequest 16115;	// Talk with girl
		close2;
		warp "alberta",219,31;
		end;
	}

> 	mes " - ^424242Now I stand in front of the familiar light. Lightly waved her hands to Narin, she closed her eyes and held both hands together.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes " - ^424242Now I stand in front of the familiar light. Lightly waved my hand to Narin, she closed her eyes and held both hands together.^000000 - ";
```

	next;

> 	mes " - ^424242With empty hands, I think of the clumsy but warm piece left in my heart.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes " - ^424242With empty hands, I think of the bulky but warm piece left in my heart.^000000 - ";
```

	next;
	if (select( "Go back to Alberta.", "Stay here." ) == 2) {
		// todo - unknown text

> 		mes " - ^424242Turning around with a small smile, Narin, who held her fists and looking at here, was surprised and turned to her eyes.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes " - ^424242Turning around with a small smile, Narin, holding her hands, was surprised and glanced over.^000000 - ";
```

		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "Ah? Not going back?";
		next;

> 		unittalk getcharid(3), "" + strcharinfo(0) + " : Seems like still need me. Did you call me? I didn't hear clearly, can you call me again?", bc_self;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		unittalk getcharid(3), "" + strcharinfo(0) + " : Seems like you still need me. Did you call me? I didn't hear clearly, can you tell me again?", bc_self;
```

	case -1:
		break;
	case 0:
	case 1:
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "I asked you come back... but go back today. It's dangerous to be longer.";
		mes "There is a limit to the protect spell.";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "The dawn is over and you two come together. I'll give you a new spell.";
		mes "If I forget again... Please I will try to remember...";
		close;
	case 2:
		erasequest 16105;	// A short break, and a promise
		break;
	}
	switch( checkquest(16108,PLAYTIME) ) {
	case -1:
		break;
	case 0:
	case 1:
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "Bro... Are you still here? The spell will be gone after a day, please come back after the dawn.";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "Even if I forget you Bro, don't just go away...please.";
		close;
	case 2:
		erasequest 16108;	// A memory that should not be forgotten - Cooldown
		break;
	}
	switch( isbegin_quest(16106) ) {
	case 0:
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "Again... Stranger.";
		mes "Go back. It's danger...";
		next;
		mes " - ^424242She can't remember. But even if you don't remember, it's different from other ghost.^000000 -";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "......What are you mumbling like that?";
		mes "Go back. You are not belong here.";
		next;

> 		if (select( "What was She wants...", "Go back now." ) == 2) {
> 			mes " - ^424242Let's go back now. It seems like nothing has happened to the professor yet. I will come back later.^000000 -";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		if (select( "What does was she want...", "Go back now." ) == 2) {
			mes " - ^424242Let's go back now. It looks like nothing has happened to the professor, yet. I will come back later.^000000 -";
```

			next;
			mes "[Narin]";
			mes "Go back, stranger. And never be back.";
			close;
		}

> 		mes " - ^424242...She wants me to back with Archeologist Leiphen. Then she will remember...";
> 		mes "The professor will be there as before. Let's find him.^000000 -";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes " - ^424242...She wants me to leave with Archeologist Leiphen. Then she will remember...";
		mes "The professor will just come back. Let's find him.^000000 -";
```

		setquest 16106;	// A memory that should not be forgotten 1
		close;
	case 1:
		mes "[Narin]";

> 		mes "Go back. ...you should be here.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "Go back. ...you not should be here.";
```

		next;

> 		mes " - ^424242...She wants me to back with Archeologist Leiphen. Then she will remember...";
> 		mes "The professor will be there as before. Let's find him.^000000 -";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes " - ^424242...She wants me to leave with Archeologist Leiphen. Then she will remember...";
		mes "The professor will just come back. Let's find him.^000000 -";
```

		close;
	case 2:
		cloakoffnpcself( "Archeologist Leiphen#illtur01" );
		mes "[Archeologist Leiphen]";
		mes "I came here again. Well, everyday.";
		sleep2 500;

> 		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : I am here too. Doing well?", bc_self;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : I am here too. Are you doing well?", bc_self;
```

		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "......";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "............";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes ".................";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "................Aww..";
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : Hey? What's going on?", bc_self;
		next;
		emotion ET_SWEAT;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "......Again ...I forgot again.....";
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : It's ok. We are here again.", bc_self;
		next;

> 		npctalk "Narin : I was waiting as long as remember... Certainly.", "", bc_self;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		npctalk "Narin : I was waiting as long as I can remember...", "", bc_self;
```

		mes "[Narin]";

> 		mes "Thank you... Um, let me spell on you. You will go to the others as well today?";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "Thank you... Um, let me cast a spell on you. You will go to the others as well today?";
```

		next;
		mes "[Narin]";
		mes "Hope you two will be safe...";
		specialeffect EF_DETECT3;
		sleep2 500;
		specialeffect2 EF_DETECT3;
		specialeffect EF_DETECT3, AREA, "Archeologist Leiphen#illtur01";
		specialeffect2 EF_CIRCLEPOWER8;
		specialeffect EF_CIRCLEPOWER8, AREA, "Archeologist Leiphen#illtur01";
		next;
		mes "[Narin]";

> 		mes "And here, sign of promise. Professor, and Bro. I'm glad you came.";
> 		mes "I will be waiting tomorrow.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "And here, a sign of promise. Professor and brother. I'm glad you came.";
		mes "I will be waiting for tomorrow.";
```

		erasequest 16106;	// A memory that should not be forgotten 1
		erasequest 16107;	// A memory that should not be forgotten 2
		setquest 16108;	// A memory that should not be forgotten - Cooldown
		getitem 25271,1;	// IllusionStone
		getexp 1200000,1000000;	// todo unknown exp (irowiki values)
		close2;
		cloakonnpcself( "Archeologist Leiphen#illtur01" );
		end;
	}
	end;

OnInit:
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle == 1" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle == 8" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle == 9" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle == 10" );

	// daily
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle > 10 && checkquest(16105,PLAYTIME) == 2" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle > 10 && checkquest(16108,PLAYTIME) == 2" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle > 10 && isbegin_quest(16106) == 2" );
	questinfo( QTYPE_QUEST, QMARK_YELLOW, "ill_turtle > 10 && isbegin_quest(16106) == 0 && checkquest(16105,PLAYTIME) == -1 && checkquest(16108,PLAYTIME) == -1" );
	end;
}

tur_d03_i,136,187,5	duplicate(dummy_cloaked_npc)	Archeologist Leiphen#illtur01	2_M_ALCHE

> tur_d03_i,80,180,1	script	An impatient man#illtur	4_M_URGENT_MAN,{

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tur_d03_i,80,180,1	script	Impatient Man#illtur	4_M_URGENT_MAN,{
```

	if (ill_turtle == 2) {
		.@account_id = getcharid(3);
		.@player_name$ = strcharinfo(0);

> 		mes "[An impatient man]";
> 		mes "Lost her, lost her. My baby. My pretty baby. Where are you? My baby. What's the name? My daughter. Daughter? My baby.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Impatient Man]";
		mes "I lost her. I lost her. My baby. My pretty baby. Where are you? My baby. What's her name? My daughter. Daughter? My baby.";
```

		next;
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : Hey, hello?", bc_self;

> 		mes " - ^424242As she told me, there is someone... but he doesn't look like Archeologist Leiphen.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes " - ^424242As she told me, there are others... but he doesn't look like Archeologist Leiphen.^000000 - ";
```

		next;

> 		mes "[An impatient man]";
> 		mes "Who was it? My baby, where are you? My daughter? My.... daughter? Ha, hahaha. Lost it, lost it.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Impatient Man]";
		mes "Who was it? My baby, where are you? My daughter? My.... daughter? Ha, hahaha. I lost her. I lost her";
```

		next;
		npctalk "My baby is gone... My baby. My lovely baby.", "", bc_self;

> 		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : Does he lost his baby...?", bc_self;
> 		select( "Are you looking for baby?", "Do you want my help?" );
> 		npctalk "My baby, I lost. I lost my baby. Where are you?", "", bc_self;
> 		mes "[An impatient man]";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : Did he lose his baby...?", bc_self;
		select( "Are you looking for your baby?", "Do you want my help?" );
		npctalk "My baby, I lost her. I lost my baby. Where are you?", "", bc_self;
		mes "[Impatient Man]";
```

		mes "No. ^FF0000You can't^000000.";
		next;
		npctalk "My baby? Baby? I lost, lost, my daughter... baby. Where... where?", "", bc_self;
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : ...Excuse me?", bc_self;

> 		mes "[An impatient man]";
> 		mes "No^FF0000. No. ^000000Can't find her.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Impatient Man]";
		mes "No. ^FF0000No.^000000 Can't find her.";
```

		next;

> 		mes "[An impatient man]";
> 		mes "Now ^FF0000 can't. My daughter^000000. Baby... Baby? No. Ha, ha^FF0000haha. No. Ha,ha^000000, My ^FF0000pretty baby,^000000, baby, My ^FF0000 pretty baby, No^000000. No.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Impatient Man]";
		mes "No ^FF0000it can't be. My daughter.^000000 Baby... Baby? No. Ha, ha^FF0000haha. No. Ha, ha.^000000 My ^FF0000pretty baby,^000000, baby. My ^FF0000 pretty baby. No.^000000 No.";
```

		ill_turtle = 3;
		erasequest 16097;	// Stranger on Turtle Island 1
		questinfo_refresh();
		next;

> 		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : It's...a strange man.", bc_self;
> 		mes " - ^424242Hard to communication...^000000 - ";
> 		mes " - ^424242Let me check the other point. Let's go...^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : He's...a strange man.", bc_self;
		mes " - ^424242Hard to communicate with...^000000 - ";
		mes " - ^424242Let me check the other point. Let's go...^000000 - ";
```

		close;
	}
	if (ill_turtle == 3) {

> 		mes "[An impatient man]";
> 		mes "^FF0000No, my daughter. My^000000 pretty baby. No. Lost^FF0000Lost her^000000. Lost. Boohoo... My ^FF0000pretty...baby.. Can't^000000 find^FF0000, can't^000000 find, Can't, ^FF0000find^000000......";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Impatient Man]";
		mes "^FF0000No, my daughter. My ^000000pretty baby. No. Lost, ^FF0000lost her^000000. Lost. Boohoo... My ^FF0000pretty...baby.. Can't ^000000find, ^FF0000can't^000000 find, can't... ^FF0000find^000000......";
```

		if (!.talk)

> 			donpcevent "An impatient man#illtur::OnTalk";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			donpcevent "Impatient Man#illtur::OnTalk";
```

		close;
	}

> 	mes "[An impatient man]";
> 	mes "Lost her, lost her. My baby. My pretty baby. Where are you go? My baby. What's the name? My daughter. Daughter? My baby.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes "[Impatient Man]";
	mes "I lost her. I lost her. My baby. My pretty baby. Where are you? My baby. What's her name? My daughter. Daughter? My baby.";
```

	next;

> 	mes "[An impatient man]";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes "[Impatient Man]";
```

	mes "Who was it? My baby... who?";
	if (!.talk)

> 		donpcevent "An impatient man#illtur::OnTalk";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		donpcevent "Impatient Man#illtur::OnTalk";
```

	close;

OnTalk:
	.talk = 1;
	switch( rand(2) ) {
	case 0:

> 		npctalk "I can't. find. My baby. Gone. My. lovely daughter.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		npctalk "I can't... find. My baby. Gone. My... lovely daughter.";
```

		sleep 3000;
		npctalk "I can't find. Gone... My daughter, my... daughter? My? baby...";
		break;
	case 1:

> 		npctalk "My baby, I lost. I lost my baby. Where are you?";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		npctalk "My baby, I lost her. I lost my baby. Where are you?";
```

		sleep2 1500;
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : Ugh, it'll be difficult to stay for a while. Avoid.", bc_self;
		mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
		mes "Damn^BDBDBDit^000000... ^BDBDBDDamn^000000it...";
		mes "Munch, Murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch...";
		ill_turtle = 4;
		erasequest 16098;	// Stranger on Turtle Island 2
		questinfo_refresh();
		next;
		mes " - ^424242There is the other point. Let's go...^000000 - ";
		close;
	}
	if (ill_turtle == 4) {
		mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
		mes "Munch, Murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch.^FF0000munch^000000...";
		mes "The Damn^BDBDBDhuh^000000Mon..^BDBDBDDmonster^000000...";
		next;
		mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
		mes "It's all mine ^BDBDBDCould be^000000 all^BDBDBDmine^000000...";
		mes "My... my treasure^BDBDBDall^000000of...my... ^FF0000munch,munch^000000...";
		if (!.talk)
			donpcevent "An susceptible soldier#::OnTalk";
		close;
	}
	if (ill_turtle > 10) {
		if (checkweight(1201,1) == 0) {
			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
			mes "What are you doing with the heavy bag? empty it.";
			close;
		}
		if (!.talk)

> 			donpcevent "An susceptible soldier#::OnTalk";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			donpcevent "Susceptible Soldier#::OnTalk";
```

		switch( checkquest(16105,PLAYTIME) ) {
		case -1:
			break;
		case 0:
		case 1:

> 			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 			mes "It's^BDBDBDit^000000was... alive^BDBDBDit's^000000alive... Damn! ^BDBDBDAlive^000000alive?! I am!!! I am^BDBDBDdeath^000000, death!!";
> 			mes "I can't forgive^BDBDBDyou^000000!!! I will^BDBDBDfind^000000and ^BDBDBDkill^000000you all!! ^FF0000munch^000000... munch...";
> 			next;
> 			mes " - ^424242 Still better not to be close. Let's wait for a day. After dawn, come back again.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
			mes "It's..^BDBDBDit^000000 was... alive. ^BDBDBDIt's^000000 alive... Damn! ^BDBDBDAlive,^000000 alive?! I am!!! I am^BDBDBDdead^000000, dead!!";
			mes "I can't forgive ^BDBDBDyou^000000!!! I will^BDBDBDfind^000000 and ^BDBDBDkill^000000 you all!! ^FF0000munch^000000... munch...";
			next;
			mes " - ^424242Still a good idea to not get close. Let's wait for a day. After dawn, come back again.^000000 - ";
```

			close;
		case 2:
			erasequest 16105;	// A short break, and a promise
			break;
		}

		switch( checkquest(16110,PLAYTIME) ) {
		case -1:
			break;
		case 0:
		case 1:

> 			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 			mes "Ha... Ha^BDBDBDhu^000000, my^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... My treasure...";
> 			mes "Finally^BDBDBDI^000000 got^BDBDBDit^000000... Finally^BDBDBDI^000000got...";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
			mes "Ha... Ha ^BDBDBDuh^000000, my ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... My treasure...";
			mes "Finally ^BDBDBDI^000000 got ^BDBDBDit^000000... Finally ^BDBDBDI^000000 got...";
```

			next;

> 			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 			mes "Who^BDBDBDare^000000you! Why^BDBDBDare^000000you here!";
> 			mes "Don't look my^BDBDBDtreasure^000000 ^BDBDBDI^000000can't let you!!!!! Munch, ^FF0000munch^000000, munch...";
> 			next;
> 			mes " - ^424242He seems feel good. ..Good? Just let him. Come back after dawn.^000000 -";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
			mes "Who ^BDBDBDare^000000 you!? Why ^BDBDBDare^000000 you here!";
			mes "Don't look at my ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000! ^BDBDBDI^000000 won't let you!!!!! Munch, ^FF0000munch^000000, munch...";
			next;
			mes " - ^424242He seems ok. ..Ok? Just leave him be. Come back after dawn.^000000 -";
```

			close;
		case 2:
			erasequest 16110;	// Vain Desire - Cooldown
			break;
		}

		.@quest_16109 = checkquest(16109,HUNTING);
		if (.@quest_16109 == -1)
			.@state = -1;
		else if (.@quest_16109 == 2 && countitem(25316) > 4)
			.@state = 2;

		switch( .@state ) {
		case -1:
			break;
		case 0:
		case 1:
			specialeffect EF_SCREEN_QUAKE;

> 			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
```

			mes "^FF0000I need more!!!!!!!!!!^000000";
			next;

> 			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
```

			mes "^FF0000My treasure... My revenge...";
			mes "Not enough!!!^000000";
			next;
			mes " - ^424242Did I forget something? ^0000CD" + getitemname(25316) + " 5 pieces ^424242and ^0000CDkill 10 " + strmobinfo(1,3799) + ".^000000 -";
			close;
		case 2:

> 			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 			mes "Did you payback? To the^BDBDBDterrible^000000monsters?";
> 			mes "And my treasure... ^FF0000Munch^000000, Munch... You brought^BDBDBDmy^000000treasure?";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
			mes "Did you get payback? To the ^BDBDBDterrible^000000 monsters?";
			mes "And my treasure... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch... You brought ^BDBDBDmy^000000 treasure?";
```

			next;
			specialeffect EF_SCREEN_QUAKE;
			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
			mes "^FF0000Give me^000000! My treasure!";
			next;

> 			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
```

			mes "Ha... Haha... Haha^BDBDBDha^000000ha...... Haha^BDBDBDha^000000hahaha......";
			mes "It's shiny... shiny... It's pretty, so pretty.";
			next;

> 			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 			mes "Take this. I don't need it.";
> 			mes "I have my treasure^BDBDBDnow^000000... It's shiny... Pretty.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
			mes "Take this. I don't need it.";
			mes "I have my treasure ^BDBDBDnow^000000... It's shiny... Pretty.";
```

			next;

> 			mes " - ^424242As exchange, I took the " + getitemname(25271) + ". How could he have become obsessed with such empty garbage without seeing anything really valuable?^000000 -";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes " - ^424242As exchange, I took the " + getitemname(25271) + ". How could he have become obsessed with such worthless garbage without seeing anything really valuable?^000000 -";
```

			next;
			mes " - ^424242Well, it might be just the idea of a living person that the " + getitemname(25271) + " is precious.^000000 -";
			delitem 25316,5;	// Shabby_Metal_Chip
			erasequest 16109;	// Vain Desire
			setquest 16110;	// Vain Desire - Cooldown
			getitem 25271,1;	// IllusionStone
			getexp 1200000,1000000;	// todo unknown exp (irowiki values)
			close;
		}

> 		mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 		mes "Munch, Murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch.^FF0000munch^000000...";
> 		mes "The Damn^BDBDBDhuh^000000Mon..^BDBDBDDmonster^000000...";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
		mes "Munch, murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch. ^FF0000Munch^000000...";
		mes "The damn^BDBDBDuh^000000.. mon..^BDBDBDDmonster^000000...";
```

		next;

> 		mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 		mes "It's all mine ^BDBDBDCould be^000000 all^BDBDBDmine^000000...";
> 		mes "My... my treasure^BDBDBDall^000000of...my... ^FF0000munch,munch^000000...";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
		mes "It's all mine. ^BDBDBDCould be^000000 all^BDBDBDmine^000000...";
		mes "My... my treasure. ^BDBDBDAll^000000 of... my... ^FF0000munch, munch^000000...";
```

		next;
		select( "What treasure?", "What monster?" );	// note: the selection doesn't change the dialog
		mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
		mes "The Damn^BDBDBDhuh^000000Mon.. ^FF0000" + strmobinfo(1,3799) + " monster^000000...";
		mes "They take^BDBDBDmy^000000treasure^BDBDBDD.... My!! treasure^000000...!!";
		next;

> 		mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 		mes "Munch, Murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch.";
> 		mes "Munch,  ^FF0000Munch^000000... Murmur...";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
		mes "Munch, murmur... ^FF0000munch^000000, munch.";
		mes "Munch, ^FF0000munch^000000... Murmur...";
```

		next;

> 		if (select( "Let me find.", "Okay." ) == 2) {
> 			mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 			mes "Yes... It's mine^BDBDBDhuh^000000... My^BDBDBDtreasure^000000...";
> 			mes "I couldn't have ^BDBDBDit^000000... The Damn ^BDBDBDmon^000000monsters...";
> 			mes "Munch, ^FF0000Munch Munch Munch^000000...";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		if (select( "Let me search.", "Okay." ) == 2) {
			mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
			mes "Yes... It's mine.. ^BDBDBDuh^000000... My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000...";
			mes "I couldn't get ^BDBDBDit^000000... The damn ^BDBDBDmon^000000.. monsters...";
			mes "Munch, ^FF0000munch munch munch^000000...";
```

			close;
		}

> 		mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 		mes "You? Are^BDBDBDyou^000000 going?";
> 		mes "Go ^BDBDBDgo^000000get it! My^BDBDBDtreasure^000000! You can find it from them! My^BDBDBDtreasure^000000!";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
		mes "You? Are ^BDBDBDyou^000000 going?";
		mes "Go, ^BDBDBDgo^000000 get it! My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000! You can take it from them! My ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000!";
```

		next;

> 		mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 		mes "And payback to " + strmobinfo(1,3799) + ". ^FF0000Revenge^000000... Munch Munch... My^BDBDBDrevenge^000000.. Please...";
> 		mes "Get rid of 10... monsters! Munch, ^FF0000Munch Munch^000000... Get ^BDBDBDrid^000000of them!!!";
> 		next;
> 		mes " - ^424242Narin said, I can get some ^0000CD" + getitemname(25316) + "^424242 from here, it would be enough. ^0000CDLet me prepare^424242 5 pieces.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
		mes "And payback to " + strmobinfo(1,3799) + ". ^FF0000Revenge^000000... Munch munch... My ^BDBDBDrevenge^000000.. Please...";
		mes "Get rid of 10... monsters! Munch, ^FF0000munch munch^000000... Get ^BDBDBDrid^000000 of them!!!";
		next;
		mes " - ^424242Narin said, I can get some ^0000CD" + getitemname(25316) + "^424242 from here. It would be enough for him. ^0000CDLet me prepare^424242 5 pieces.^000000 - ";
```

> 		mes " - ^0000CDI need to get rid of ^42424210 " + strmobinfo(1,3799) + " monsters.^000000 - ";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes " - ^0000CDI need to get rid of the ^42424210 " + strmobinfo(1,3799) + " monsters.^000000 - ";
```

		setquest 16109;	// Vain Desire
		close;
	}

> 	mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 	mes "Murmur.... ^FF0000Munch^000000, Munch. ^FF0000Murmur^000000...";
> 	mes "The Damn ^BDBDBDhuh^000000 Mon..^BDBDBDmonster^000000...";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
	mes "Murmur.... ^FF0000Munch^000000, munch. ^FF0000Murmur^000000...";
	mes "The damn ^BDBDBDuh^000000.. mon..^BDBDBDmonster^000000...";
```

	next;

> 	mes "[An susceptible soldier]";
> 	mes "It's all ... mine ^BDBDBDIt's all^000000 can ^BDBDBDbe^000000 mine...";
> 	mes "My...my precious ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... ^FF0000Murmur^000000...";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes "[Susceptible Soldier]";
	mes "It's all... mine. ^BDBDBDIt all^000000 can ^BDBDBDbe^000000 mine...";
	mes "My... my precious ^BDBDBDtreasure^000000... ^FF0000Murmur^000000...";
```

	if (!.talk)

> 		donpcevent "An susceptible soldier#::OnTalk";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		donpcevent "Susceptible Soldier#::OnTalk";
```

	close;

OnTalk:
	.talk = 1;
	switch( rand(3) ) {
	case 0:
		npctalk "Munch... Muunch... Munch... Muunch...";
		sleep 3000;
		npctalk "My, treasure... Munch, can't forgive...";
		break;
	case 1:
		npctalk "My treasure, if the " + strmobinfo(1,3799) + " was gone... All, Munch... Muunch....";
		sleep 3000;
		npctalk "Munch... Muunch, Treasure... My treasure... Munch... Muunch...";
		break;
	case 2:
		npctalk "Revenge... Revenge... Munch... Muunch... Munch... Muunch...";
		sleep 3000;

> 		npctalk "I will payback... to... " + strmobinfo(1,3799) + "... They took my treasure!";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		npctalk "I will get payback... on... " + strmobinfo(1,3799) + "... They took my treasure!";
```

		case -1:
			break;
		case 0:
		case 1:
			mes "[Fragile Woman]";
			mes "Meat... Easily digesible meat. Hungry. Hungry. Too good. Meat...";
			mes "I'm hungry. Want more. Yummy. Too tasty.";
			next;
			unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : Looking at the happiness with " + getitemname(7564) + ".... I feel sorry.", bc_self;
			mes " - ^424242Still... satisfied. Let's come back after dawn.^000000 -";
			close;
		case 2:
			erasequest 16113;	// Endless Hunger - Cooldown
			break;
		}

		.@quest_16111 = checkquest(16111,HUNTING);
		.@quest_16112 = checkquest(16112,HUNTING);
		if (.@quest_16111 == -1 || .@quest_16112 == -1)
			.@state = -1;
		else if (.@quest_16111 == 2 && .@quest_16112 == 2 && countitem(7564) > 9)
			.@state = 2;

		switch( .@state ) {
		case -1:
			break;
		case 0:
		case 1:
			mes "[Fragile Woman]";
			mes "Please hunt turtles. ^0000CD" + strmobinfo(1,3800) + ", " + strmobinfo(1,3802) + ", " + strmobinfo(1,3801) + ", " + strmobinfo(1,3803) + ". 10 monsters each.^000000";
			next;
			npctalk "I'm going to die. Die. Die.", "", bc_self;
			mes "[Fragile Woman]";
			mes "Give me. ^0000CDThe " + getitemname(7564) + ". 10 pieces.^000000";

> 			mes "It's ok the " + getitemname(7564) + ", or I will just die. Starving and suffering.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "It's ok. I need " + getitemname(7564) + ", or I will just die. Starving and suffering.";
```

			close;
		case 2:
			if (checkweight(1201,1) == 0) {
				mes "[Fragile Woman]";

> 				mes "What are you doing with the heavy bag? empty it.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
				mes "What are you doing with such a heavy bag? Clear it out some.";
```

				close;
			}
			setpcblock PCBLOCK_NPC, true;
			npctalk "I'm hungry. Please help me. I'm hungry.", "", bc_self;
			sleep2 500;
			setpcblock PCBLOCK_NPC, false;
			unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : I came back. I finished the hunting.", bc_self;

			mes "[Fragile Woman]";

> 			mes "Ah..ah.. the nice smell. Meat smell.";
> 			mes "It smells delicious. It looks so delicious. Please give it to me. Hungry. hurry.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "Ah..ah.. The nice smell of meat.";
			mes "It smells delicious. It looks so delicious. Please give it to me. Hungry. Hurry.";
```

			next;
			unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : ...It smells rotten...", bc_self;
			mes "[Fragile Woman]";

> 			mes "Delicious. It's so delicious. happy. It's really good.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "Delicious. It's so delicious. Happy. It's really good.";
```

			next;

> 			npctalk "Women : chomp chomp, munch....", "", bc_self;
> 			mes " - ^424242......she is holding with bare hands, and eating..^000000 -";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			npctalk "Woman : chomp chomp, munch....", "", bc_self;
			mes " - ^424242......she is holding it with her bare hands and eating..^000000 -";
```

			next;
			mes "[Fragile Woman]";
			mes "Ahah, I'm full. I'm not die now. I'm full.";
			mes "Here, I give you this. Can't eat though..";
			next;
			npctalk "I'm going to die. Die. Die.", "", bc_self;
			sleep2 500;
			unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : ... " + getitemname(25271) + "?", bc_self;
			mes "[Fragile Woman]";

> 			mes "I ate everything. Sorry. That's only one thing I can give to you.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "I ate everything. Sorry. That's the only thing I can give you.";
```

			delitem 7564,10;	// Rotten_Meat
			erasequest 16111;	// Endless Hunger 1
			erasequest 16112;	// Endless Hunger 2
			setquest 16113;	// Endless Hunger - Cooldown
			getitem 25271,1;	// IllusionStone
			getexp 1200000,1000000;	// todo unknown exp (irowiki values)
			close;
		}
		mes "[Fragile Woman]";
		mes "I'm hungry. Help me. Please. Hungry.";
		next;
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : How.. can I help you?", bc_self;
		mes "[Fragile Woman]";

> 		mes "...Help me? Really? You don't let me die?";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "...Help me? Really? You won't let me die?";
```

		next;
		mes "[Fragile Woman]";
		mes "Then please hunt turtles. ^0000CD" + strmobinfo(1,3800) + ", " + strmobinfo(1,3802) + ", " + strmobinfo(1,3801) + ", " + strmobinfo(1,3803) + ". 10 monsters each.^000000";

> 		mes "Please take meat. " + getitemname(7564) + ". 10pieces.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "Please take the meat. " + getitemname(7564) + ". 10pieces.";
```

		next;
		npctalk "I'm hungry. Please help me. I'm hungry.", "", bc_self;
		sleep2 500;
		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : It's all rotten meat.", bc_self;
		mes "[Fragile Woman]";

> 		mes "It's ok. Or I'm die. Starving...";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "It's ok. Or I will die. Starving...";
```

		mes "Take the meat. ^0000CDThe " + getitemname(7564) + ". 10 pieces.^000000";
		next;
		mes " - ^424242Archeologist Leiphen couldn't eat... But according to Narin, she will be happy. I can only get the " + getitemname(7564) + " in here.^000000 -";
		next;
		npctalk "I'm going to die. Die. Die.", "", bc_self;
		if (select( "I will take it.", "I can't help you now." ) == 2) {
			mes "[Fragile Woman]";

> 			mes "I'm going to die. Starving to die.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "I'm going to die. Starve to death.";
```

			next;
			mes "[Fragile Woman]";

> 			mes "^FF0000I can eat anything. Really anything. I can eat cham champ.^000000";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			mes "^FF0000I can eat anything. Really anything. I can eat.. chomp chomp.^000000";
```

			close;
		}
		mes "[Fragile Woman]";
		mes "Thank you. Meat, I will die if I can't eat.";

> 		mes "I can live more.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		mes "I can now live some more.";
```

		unittalk .@account_id, "" + .@player_name$ + " : ......", bc_self;
		setquest 16111;	// Endless Hunger 1
		setquest 16112;	// Endless Hunger 2
		close;
	}
	mes "[Fragile Woman]";

> 	mes "Hungry. I'm hungry so I can't move..";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes "Hungry. I'm so hungry I can't move..";
```

	mes "Please... please have mercy. I've been starving for too long...";
	if (!.talk)
		donpcevent "Fragile Woman#illtur::OnTalk";
	close;

OnTalk:
	.talk = 1;
	switch( rand(2) ) {
	case 0:
		npctalk "I'm hungry. Please help me. I'm hungry.";
		sleep 3000;
		npctalk "I can eat anthing now. Please give me something.";
		break;
	case 1:

> 		npctalk "I will starve to death. If I don't eat something, will die.";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		npctalk "I will starve to death. If I don't eat something, I will die.";
```

		sleep 1000;
		setnpcdisplay( "#illturg22", CLEAR_NPC );
		break;
	case 23:
		setnpcdisplay( "#illturg23", 4_M_NFDEADSWDMAN );
		sleep2 1000;
		npctalk "Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha", "#illturg23", bc_self;
		setnpcdisplay( "#illturg23", CLEAR_NPC );
		break;
	case 24:
		setnpcdisplay( "#illturg24", 4_M_NFDEADSWDMAN );
		npctalk "Did you wait? Did you wait for me?", "#illturg24", bc_self;
		sleep2 1000;
		npctalk "It's late, it's already too late.", "#illturg24", bc_self;
		setnpcdisplay( "#illturg24", CLEAR_NPC );
		break;
	}
	sleep 4000;
	.talk[.@num] = 0;
	end;
}

tur_d03_i,142,229,1	script	#illturg12	CLEAR_NPC,{
	mes " - ^424242It seems to be getting a little cold.^000000 -";
	close;
}
tur_d03_i,146,223,0	duplicate(#illturgg11)	#illturgg12	HIDDEN_WARP_NPC,5,5

tur_d03_i,214,105,7	script	#illturg13	CLEAR_NPC,{
	mes " - ^424242I feel strange...^000000 -";
	close;
}
tur_d03_i,207,104,0	duplicate(#illturgg11)	#illturgg13	HIDDEN_WARP_NPC,5,5

tur_d04_i,99,153,7	script	#illturg21	CLEAR_NPC,{
	mes " - ^424242...?^000000 -";
	close;
}
tur_d04_i,99,160,0	duplicate(#illturgg11)	#illturgg21	HIDDEN_WARP_NPC,3,3

tur_d04_i,37,137,7	script	#illturg22	CLEAR_NPC,{

> 	mes " - ^424242I feel weird, but nothing here...^000000 -";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes " - ^424242I feel weird, but nothing is here...^000000 -";
```

	close;
}
tur_d04_i,45,137,0	duplicate(#illturgg11)	#illturgg22	HIDDEN_WARP_NPC,3,3

tur_d04_i,76,35,7	script	#illturg23	CLEAR_NPC,{
	mes " - ^424242I'm in a bad mood...^000000 -";
	close;
}
tur_d04_i,69,31,0	duplicate(#illturgg11)	#illturgg23	HIDDEN_WARP_NPC,3,3

tur_d04_i,135,133,1	script	#illturg24	CLEAR_NPC,{

> 	mes " - ^424242I have heard something.^000000 -";

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	mes " - ^424242I heard something.^000000 -";
```
